
Project 2 Submission

Group Name: Woodpecker

When you have completed the project, complete the following form and include it with your project. Include this file as a text file in the folder with your project when you turn it in. 

For the Checkpoint, Describe a sequence of operations to create a new account and log onto the server:
	The first activity presented to the user is a login page. To create a new user, click the Create User button at the bottom.
	Once on that page, enter a username and a password. If the confirm password does not match, an error is displayed. Once the
	information has been entered, click the Create New User button. If successful, the user is taken back to the main activity.
	To log in, enter the username and password into the fields and click the Login button. If successful, the user is taken to
	a dummy activity informing them to wait for the other user.

A functionality checklist will not be provided for the project. Treat this as you would a request from a client and identify what the client requires. 

Member 1: Brian Chivers

Responsiblity:
Server-Side communications


Member 2: Paul Stanos

Responsiblity:
Client-side communications


Member 3: Alex Kambeitz

Responsiblity:
Activity Sequencing




Provide instructions on how to reach the first editing activity if the login button is not yet functional.
	See above login details on how to reach the first non-login activity.

User account the server-side communications is running under:
chiversb@cse.msu.edu

Paths to all server-side scripts: (Such as https://www.cse.msu.edu/~carter/project2/login.php).

http://webdev.cse.msu.edu/~chiversb/cse476/proj02/login.php
http://webdev.cse.msu.edu/~chiversb/cse476/proj02/newuser.php

Where in the code the passive connection timeout is set (provide a script name and line number):

Calls in the code to the server (provide a class name and function, or URL used for debugging):
	Class: Cloud.java
	Login function: attemptLogin(final View view, String userId, String password)
	Create user function: createUser(final View view, String userId, String password)


